otherwise you probably think
most curious
to see mechanical keyboard like this
is the rocket iii ripped out of the fire
cache pro version that's almost ours
flagship directly a few features
demonstrate
I think most of them are already
a bit in the topic of what mechanical
keyboards is therefore now
probably not from scratch
explain what they can and can not do
I'll just start so we have
For example, a few things that it
other for example not there to
example, the possibility of that under each
key we have led and is with us
possible I believe it makes thought
sense if you under each button a led
has that you also individually
can
and we have to the case sometimes
for demonstration purposes europe things
prepared but you can see that in that
now, for example, just completely
classic setup that you just have to
The WSD buttons are the finished player
very interesting you can light that
whole also exactly vice versa do that
For example, that one for example
So all you were also now to
For example, everything is lit except for us
as the keys
maybe it's not bad either
thing but then yes even the finger on it
then you see everything else
and basically you can
actually every kind of macros of
You can focus on key bindings
So, the keyboard also place there with a
a few examples made for example here
there's something to see
a classic word setup for example
the corresponding keys overview
can give or what is beautiful
is our functions as for
here is his whole market
buttons you have programmed yourself
can also illuminate individually
and yes, there are many possibilities
and sky select barely set limits
it is also possible, for example
can also be a bit of a few
gimmicks, for example, do that then
For example, something to show
That's what we call ourselves
screensaver
there it is now that all five
seconds since you can see it already
randomly approach different buttons
That's why it was so easy
funny way a screensaver
is called before it just times
So it's theoretical to show that
really possible any kind of
you actually play games
can actually imagine that too
to lay keyboard
then find a nice thing that
I work for example in the
Being spiked up becomes so small
have grown because if I have the
twelve keystrokes that is afterglow
also very nice
for example, you can do it very well
demonstrate that that we to
example, have no problems
ghosting or things like that because I
just put my hand on it and
you can see all preconceived
seamlessly addressed that is not now
so that there is nothing more
works and that war good
impression as with the buttons make
can
it will also be the keyboard
delivered with a sdk that is who
So have a little fun with it
such things can employ stop also
really everything with the keyboard
connect what he wants we have one
few examples in the trailer already
shown so you can because of me
the mahner display for example directly
put on the f keys that here
really down in real time
such things or there is shooter
For example, with indicator you can
then program that really well from
the left side shot and then
shines accordingly also in real time
the left side on so that is
all kinds of gimmicks
we are very curious what the community
So in that case , I think of it
So that will be a lot of it
so exciting so much for lighting
maybe something else technical
Lighting is ensured so
especially now this lighting
single keys we have 22
Arm processors of the keyboard installed
and of that he is one actually
only responsible for the lighting yes that
also makes a bit of the
difference to the other versions the
there will come from the keyboard
We also have shots
good
and on the other side we have to
for example, the usb ports
that's a nice thing , for example
that is still new at the keyboard
For example, we have a new one
surface installed
that's so small I do not know that
you probably can not now so
to see exactly that are so small
small dots
the background is still such a thing
a bit yes this a bit one
noble optics but you can have no
fingerprints based that is
of course, a topic and in the case
you can fit on here and you would
see no fingerprints
that is one thing still quite
important we work at the keyboard
also with the cherry mx switches i can
Here is just a taste
pull it off
maybe you can see that too with the
here we have, for example, the
black switches installed in the pro
version, it is because we give people
the possibility to choose that if
not everyone wants me now
have black
you can actually do that
choose before you have the keyboard
You can say that to have and indeed
I like it with black switches
or me this blue or red or
brown hair with this
selection option that also has
in any case it is a special feature
already asked different and me
think that makes us different too
a little bit of it from others in series though
usually you have one
variant of switches and that wanted
we leave a bit open so if
someone decides for the electro
then he can actually get the
grope for his taste, she was
also exercise
I think
I have the most important thing about it
tells
it will not be too long
is she looking forward to buy this
the feedback what we then for you
receive
that would be from my side